Docs: nuctl introduction made simple (#1708)
nuclio/nuclio: docs/reference/nuctl/nuctl.md

# Nuctl

## About

> Nuctl is Nuclio command-line interface that provide all nuclio-features from your terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nuctl is Nuclio's command-line interface that provides you with all the nuclio features, accessible from your terminal
```

## Download

To install nuctl all you need is to simply visit Nuclio [releases page](https://github.com/nuclio/nuclio/releases)

> And download the matched binary to your platform (e.g.: `darwin` if you have `macOS`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install nuctl all you need to do, is simply visit Nuclio [releases page](https://github.com/nuclio/nuclio/releases)
and download the binary appropriate to your platform (e.g.: `darwin` if you have `macOS`)
```

> If you are adventurous enough, you can use the following snippet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following bash snippet to download the latest nuctl release
```

```bash
curl -s https://api.github.com/repos/nuclio/nuclio/releases/latest \
			| grep -i "browser_download_url.*nuctl.*$(uname)" \
			| cut -d : -f 2,3 \
			| tr -d \" \
			| wget -O nuctl -qi - && chmod +x nuctl
```

> ## Use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage
```

> Once downloaded, an informative help section is available for each command using `nuctl --help`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once downloaded, an informative help section is available using `nuctl --help`
```
This is the global help, not per command.

Maybe you mean `nuctl <command> --help` ? Another sentence?

Author: No need to specify all available commands on readme as they are easily discoverable via the global help

## Running platform

Nuctl will automatically identify its running platform, whether it is Docker or Kubernetes.

> To ensure you run Nuctl against a specific platform, use `--platform kube` for Kubernetes or `--platform local` for docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure you run Nuctl against a specific platform, use `--platform kube` for Kubernetes or `--platform local` for docker
```

### Docker

> Ensure your Docker daemon is running, run  `docker version` with the same user that will execute Nuctl commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure your Docker daemon is running properly, run  `docker version` with the same user that will execute Nuctl commands
```

> An example of function deployment using nuctl:

Reviewer: This example should be a section with sub sections for the different operations. It's long and has multiple parts / actions.
Also, I think since you're linking somewhere else for a k8s example, maybe it's best to move the nuctl docker example to it's own file as well, so to keep this readme short and "balanced" between the platform kinds

Author: moved

```bash
nuctl deploy helloworld \
    --path https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nuclio/nuclio/master/hack/examples/golang/helloworld/helloworld.go
```

> A function would be deployed, base on the source code given by the url and would be run as a docker container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function would be built, based using the source code given by the url and would be deployed and run as a docker container
```

> > NOTE: You may change the path to a local file, directory or a compressed zip

Reviewer: This can be very misleading. User can't just do that to any local file. He has to prepare a valid nuclio function dir / code / archive
